CORPORATION: Add documentation (#1121)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: src/Documentation/doc/advanced/corporation/faq.md

# FAQ

> > What is Corporation good for?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What is a Corporation good for?
```

> Generating ridiculously massive income. With this income, you can buy whatever you want, e.g., augmentations, bribing factions for reputations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating ridiculously massive income. With this income, you can buy whatever you want, e.g., augmentations or bribing factions for reputation.
```

> How many investment rounds should I take?

> There are 4 rounds, and you must take all of them. Investment funds greatly boost your corporation development. Your corporation won't be able to reach its full potential in a reasonable time without them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 4 rounds, and you should take all of them. Investment funds greatly boost your corporation development. Your corporation won't be able to reach its full potential in a reasonable time without them.
```

> > Investors take too much shares. Can I buy them back later?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Investors take too many shares. Can I buy them back later?
```

No.

> > Government takes too much shares when I use "Seed money" option. Can I buy them back later?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The government takes too many shares when I use the "Seed money" option. Can I buy them back later?
```

No.

> > Why can I not buy back anything? It's ridiculous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Why can't I buy back anything? It's ridiculous.
```

Author: AFAIK, these two usages are both grammatically correct, though "Why can't I" may sound more natural in speech. It's just a matter of style, so I can commit the change if you want.

> You can only buy back shares that were issued. The shares that were owned by government (when we use seed money) and investors cannot be bought back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only buy back shares that were issued. The shares that were owned by the government (when we use seed money) and investors cannot be bought back.
```

> One thing to remember: this is a game, not real life. In this game, you always have total control over your corporation. When your profit hits exponential growth, shares percentage means nothing. If your corporation's profit is 1e90/s and you only have 1% shares, you still have 1e88/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One thing to remember: this is a game, not real life. In this game, you always have total control over your corporation. When your profit hits exponential growth, the share percentage means nothing. If your corporation's profit is 1e90/s and you only have 1% shares, you still have 1e88/s.
```

> My corporation generates profit. Why does my money not increase?

Go public and set dividend.

> How many shares should I issue?

0

> Why is my "earnings as a shareholder" lower than my calculation ("Dividends per share" \* "Owned Stock Shares")?

> You need to pay tax. ShadyAccounting and GovernmentPartnership reduce tax. Check this [section](./financial-statement.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to pay tax. ShadyAccounting and GovernmentPartnership reduce tax. Check this [section](./financial-statement.md) for details.
```

> > All corporation's API requires too much RAM. How to deal with it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All corporation APIs require too much RAM. How do I deal with it?
```

> Earn money by any normal ways: hacking, committing crimes, cheating in casino, ... There is also another way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earn money by any normal means: hacking, committing crimes, cheating in casino, etc. There is also another way:
```

> - Follow guide on round 1, at the end, do not accept investment offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the guide on round 1, but at the end, do not accept the investment offer.
```

- Go public immediately.
- Sell all your shares immediately.
- Sell CEO position and start a new corporation.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Also note that you don't have to do everything in one script. You can make smaller scripts that do less and use fewer APIs to keep the RAM usage down, and use `run()` to chain them together.

```

> > Why can I not create corporation with government's seed money ("Use seed money")?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Why can I not create a corporation with the government's seed money ("Use seed money")?
```

That option is only available in BN3.

> Can I sell my corporation via API?

No.

> > Can I transfer my money to corporation's funds?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Can I transfer my (personal) money to the corporation's funds?
```

> No. However, with SF9, you can sell hashes for corporation's funds or RP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. However, with SF9, you can sell hashes for corporation funds or RP.
```

> > Why can I not bribe factions for reputations? What's exchange rate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Why can I not bribe factions for reputations? What's the exchange rate?
```

> Your corporation's valuation must be at least 100e12. Exchange rate: 1e9/reputation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your corporation's valuation must be at least 100e12 to bribe. Exchange rate: 1e9/reputation.
```

> > What's maximum number of divisions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What's the maximum number of divisions?
```

In BN3, it's 20.

> Why does my division not produce anything?

Check these things:

- Have at least 1 employee in Operations or Engineer
- Have enough storage space. Warehouse congestion is a common problem.

> Which industry should I focus on?

Check this [section](./industry-supply-chain.md).

> Should I create more divisions for the same industry? For example: multiple Agriculture.

No, focus your funds on one division for each industry.

> Which "feature" (Export, Smart Supply, etc.) should I unlock?

Check this [section](./unlocks-upgrade-research.md).

> Which upgrade should I buy?

Check this [section](./unlocks-upgrade-research.md).

> Which research should I buy?

Check this [section](./unlocks-upgrade-research.md).

> I unlocked "Smart Supply", but it does not work or its behavior is weird.

Check these things:

> - You have to enable it if you unlock it after purchasing warehouse.
> - Always choose "Use leftovers". "Use imported" is only useful in special case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have to enable it if you unlock it after purchasing a warehouse.
- Always choose "Use leftovers". "Use imported" is only useful in special cases.
```

> > How do I implement custom Smart Supply script?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> How do I implement a custom Smart Supply script?
```

Check this [section](./smart-supply.md).

> > How do I setup the quantity of exported material?
> 
> Specify an export string. Optimal value for export string: `(IPROD+IINV/10)*(-1)`. Check this [section](./miscellany.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> How do I setup the quantity of exported materials?

Specify an export string. The optimal export string is: `(IPROD+IINV/10)*(-1)`. Check this [section](./miscellany.md) for details.
```

> Is research's benefit shared between different divisions?

> It's shared if those divisions are in the same industry. However, RP pool is not shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's shared if those divisions are in the same industry. However, the RP pool is not shared.
```

> Should I expand to all 6 cities?

Yes. In fact, you must do that for maximum efficiency. Check this [section](./boost-material.md).

> What are boost materials?

> They are the materials that boost [division production multiplier](./boost-material.md). There are 4 boost materials: AI Cores, Hardware, Real Estate, Robots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are the materials that boost [division production multiplier](./boost-material.md). There are 4 boost materials: AI Cores, Hardware, Real Estate, and Robots.
```

> > How much boost materials that I should buy?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> How many boost materials that I should buy?
```

Check the optimizer in this [section](./boost-material.md).

> Why does setAutoJobAssignment not take effect immediately?

It only takes effect in next cycle's START state.

> Why does energy and morale matter?

> They are used for calculating employeeProductionByJob, then that property is used for calculating other things: RP, material's quality, product's stats, division raw production, material/product's MaxSalesVolume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are used for calculating employeeProductionByJob, then that property is used for calculating other things: RP, material's quality, product's stats, division raw production and material/product's MaxSalesVolume.
```

> > What does Intern employee do?
> 
> Don't bother with that job. Its only purpose is to maintain energy and morale. Tea/party script can do it for you, and it is very simple to implement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What do Interns do?

Don't bother with that job. Its only purpose is to maintain energy and morale. A tea/party script can do it for you, and it is very simple to implement.
```

> Everybody tells me to use 1/9 as Intern ratio, but when I use it, energy and morale still drop.

You can only use that ratio when your corporation works fine (funds > 0 or profit > 0). If it does not, use 1/6.

> Are there any other ways to maintain these 2 stats?

There are researches for that. However, you should never buy them, it's always better spending your RP elsewhere or just stock up on RP.

> > Buying tea and throwing party cost me too much money. Why are they so expensive?
> 
> Tea and party are cheap. If your budget is so low that they cost you too much money, it means you wasted too much funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Buying tea and throwing parties cost me too much money. Why are they so expensive?

Tea and parties are cheap. If your budget is so low that they cost you too much money, it means you wasted too much of your funds.
```

> > How much money should I spend to throw party? How often should I buy tea / throw party?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> How much money should I spend to throw parties? How often should I buy tea / throw party?
```

Check this [section](./office.md).

> How do I know if the qualities of my input materials are too low and need to be improved?

Check this [section](./quality.md).

> What are Awareness and Popularity?

Check this [section](./wilson-analytics-advert.md).

> Should I buy Dream Sense?

No. Check this [section](./wilson-analytics-advert.md) for the reason.

> Is Wilson retroactive?

No.

> Does that mean I should buy Wilson as soon as possible? If yes, then why don't you buy any Wilson in round 1 and 2?

You should buy Wilson as soon as possible, but not too soon. Round 1 and 2 are those cases. Check this [section](./wilson-analytics-advert.md) for details.

> What are Demand and Competition?

Check this [section](./demand-competition.md).

> How much should I spend for "Design investment" and "Marketing investment" when I create new product? How do they affect the product?

They are not too important. It's fine to spend 1% of your current funds for them. Check this [section](./product.md) for details.

> Should I buy Market-TA1?

> No, wait for Market-TA2. Market-TA1 is useless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, wait for Market-TA2. Market-TA1 is useless on its own.
```

> When should I buy Market-TA2?

> As soon as possible, it greatly increases your profit because it can find the optimal price. However, that research is expensive, it costs totally 75000RP (Hi-Tech R&D Laboratory + Market-TA1 + Market-TA2). Depleting entire RP pool extremely degrades your product rating, so I recommend saving up 150000RP before buying it. Depleting half of the RP pool is acceptable, considering the positive effect of Market-TA2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as possible, it greatly increases your profit because it can find the optimal price. However, that research is expensive, it costs a total of 75000RP (Hi-Tech R&D Laboratory + Market-TA1 + Market-TA2). Depleting the entire RP pool extremely degrades your product rating, so I recommend saving up 150000RP before buying it. Depleting half of the RP pool is acceptable, considering the positive effect of Market-TA2.
```

> What is the difference between Market-TA1 and Market-TA2?

Market-TA1: set a price that ensures that you can sell all produced goods in storage.  

> Market-TA2: set highest possible price that ensures that you can sell all produced goods in storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Market-TA2: set the highest possible price that ensures that you can sell all produced goods in storage.
```

> I bought Market-TA2, but it does not set optimal price for me.

You have to enable it.

> > Is there a workaround for Market-TA2? Waiting time for RP is too long.
> 
> Yes, you can reimplement Market-TA2. Implementing custom Market-TA2 script is the best optimization in round 3+. Check this [section](./optimal-selling-price-market-ta2.md) to see how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Is there a workaround for Market-TA2? Waiting for RP takes too long.

Yes, you can reimplement Market-TA2. Implementing a custom Market-TA2 script is the best optimization in round 3+. Check this [section](./optimal-selling-price-market-ta2.md) to see how to do it.
```

> > How do I discard material/product?
> 
> Set selling price to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> How do I discard materials/products?

Set the selling price to 0 (or anything small enough).
```

Author: I'll remove "(or anything small enough)" in next commit. With material, low selling price boosts `MarkupMultiplier` if it's less than `MarketPrice`, so it's true that "small enough" price is fine if we only want to boost `MaxSalesVolume`. However, I want to emphasize the `0` when the goal is "discard all of them". When the selling price is 0, the game set `MarkupMultiplier` to $10^{12}$. This means the materials is discarded in next SALE state, regardless of other factors (business, awareness, popularity, quality, etc.).

> > What is dummy division?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What is a dummy division?
```

Check this [section](./miscellany.md).

> Can I skip Chemicals in round 2 and invest all funds in Agriculture?

> No. Without Chemical division, quality of your Agriculture's output materials is too low, you cannot sell all those low-quality materials at good price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Without a Chemical division, the quality of your Agriculture's output materials will be too low, and you cannot sell all those low-quality materials at good price.
```

# FAQ

> > What is a corporation good for?

Reviewer: I don't think `>` (quote) is a good choice to use for the question part of these. Although technically you are "quoting" people's questions, the formatting looks odd (especially in GitHub) and IMO it has the wrong "feel".

I would suggest bullets, or maybe one of the section header types. (`###` or `####`)
